DOCS-708 Getting Started with Tracing (#6816)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tracing/_index.md

## Overview

> Datadog Application Performance Monitoring (APM or tracing) is used to collect [traces][1] from your back-end application code. This beginners guide shows you how get your first trace into Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Application Performance Monitoring (APM or tracing) is used to collect [traces][1] from your backend application code. This beginners' guide shows you how get your first trace into Datadog.
```
